So far so good we have managed to fudge the data set and we have managed to get the adjusted closing
prices because we are going to train the deep now and then work on the adjusted closing prices and we
are going to make predictions as far as adjusted closing prices are concerned.
Okay then we have to use normalization.
We are going to use minimax normalization.
This is what we have been discussing as well when dealing with K nearest neighbor a classifier that
we have two options for normalization minimax normalization and z score normalization or standardization.
As far as standardization is concerned we are dealing with the mean and standard deviation for minimax
normalization.
We are dealing with minimum value in the dataset and the maximum value in the dataset.
So this is what we are going to use.
This process transforms a feature such that all of its values fall in a range between 0 and 1.
So the X new musicals 2 x minus the minimum value divided by the maximum minus the minimum value.
Why is it good.
Because this is how we can transform all the values within the range 0 and 1 so we can do it with the
help of seeking to learn a pre-processing minimax scale or we just have to define that the feature range
will be zero and warm.
Okay.
And then we can call it the feet transform on the training data set.
This is going to be the scaled training set that will have the values within it zero and warm.
So if we search for the scale the training set lets double click disvalue as you can see instead of
the actual stock prices we have transformed stock prices and all of these values are within 0 1 1.
Why is it good.
Because most of the machine learning algorithms are going to get higher accuracy if we use normalization
such as this minimax normalization.
So this is why we have to use when we are dealing with stock market related data in the next lecture
we are going to create the training data set features and the training data set target values.
Thanks for watching.